# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

* [`miniconda`](#miniconda): Ensure miniconda is installed
* [`miniconda::config`](#minicondaconfig): Create miniconda config file and add cusomizations
* [`miniconda::install`](#minicondainstall): Ensure miniconda is installed
* [`miniconda::jq`](#minicondajq): Ensure jq is available for miniconda::package

**Defined types**

* [`miniconda::package`](#minicondapackage): Install a miniconda package

## Classes

### miniconda

Ensure miniconda is installed

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include miniconda
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `miniconda` class.

##### `conda_root`

Data type: `String[1]`

Path to where conda will be installed.
Defaults to `/opt/miniconda`

##### `installer_url`

Data type: `String[1]`

URL for miniconda3 installer shell script.
Defaults to `https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh`

### miniconda::config

Create miniconda config file and add cusomizations

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include miniconda::config
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `miniconda::config` class.

##### `channels`

Data type: `Array`

List of install channels.
Values can be any String that represents valid miniconda channel.

##### `settings`

Data type: `Hash[String,String]`

Hash of miniconda settings to put into the rcfile.
Keys and values are both strings.

##### `rcfile`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Absolute path to rcfile.
If value does not start with a `/`, it will default to
`$conda_root/.condarc`.

### miniconda::install

Ensure miniconda is installed

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include miniconda::install
```

### miniconda::jq

Ensure jq is available for miniconda::package

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include miniconda::jq
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `miniconda::jq` class.

##### `url`

Data type: `String`

URL to download jq binary

##### `install_dir`

Data type: `Optional[ String ]`

OPTIONAL
Where to install jq binary file.
Defaults to ${conda_root}/bin

## Defined types

### miniconda::package

Install a miniconda package

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
miniconda::package { 'pkgname': }
```

